# Note_for_NTU-ML2021
Machine learning (ML) is the study of algorithms that can learn from experience, to be brief. Recent years have witnessed a giant leap in ML, especially in deep learning based on neural networks. ML has some well-known applications, such as Siri, AlphaGo, ChatGPT, etc. I believe that ML, as the foundation of artificial intelligence, will be applied to more and more domains in the future, and engineers and researchers in all professions and trades should learn its basic ideas.
This book is a note of Machine Learning 2021 spring, a widely-honored course by Hung-yi Lee, Professor at National Taiwan University. It is expected to cover all important points taught in that course, although that may make it a little missy. With 15 chapters, this book involves not only classical ML but also a lot of deep learning, reinforcement learning, and meta learning. Many arXiv and other links are also included for reference.
The readers are expected to master modest amounts of basic calculus, linear algebra, probability, as well as programming. However, this book aims to give readers a rough but wide knowledge of ML, and mathematical rigor is considered secondary.
This book is written by Word. The notations follow the usual practice. Sentences and words in this book may lack authenticity attributed to my poor English. Nor is this book carefully reviewed. For any possible inaccuracy or ambiguousness, please contact me at lukeolivaw.ltc@gmail.com.
This book has been authorized by Prof. Lee. The videos of his course are available at https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2ggjtuuWvxrHHHiaDH1dlQ/playlists, the YouTube channel of Prof. Lee.
